README: update links (#396)
pingcap/community: README.md

discovery of information related to topics that have long term relevance to
large groups of TiDB users.

> See [pingcap/docs](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable) or
> [pingcap/docs-cn](https://docs.pingcap.com/zh/tidb/stable) for user documents. Also you can get
> help in [AskTUG.com (Chinese)](https://asktug.com/) if you met any problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See TiDB documentation in [English](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable) or [Chinese](https://docs.pingcap.com/zh/tidb/stable). You can also get help in [AskTUG.com (Chinese)](https://asktug.com/) if you encounter any problem.
```

## Learning Resources

Learning resources are collected in the [`learning-resources`](./learning-resources/README.md). Here you can find all the

> resources which help you learn and contribute to TiDB. For example, you can learn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resources which can help you learn and contribute to TiDB. For example, you can learn
```
